I'm Bill Wilson vib Home Services and
I'm across the 300 elect so you can
imagine how happy I was to be asked by a
delayed subscriber to show off the
awesome new crisis 338 ready to be
impressed let's go the 2014 Chrysler 300
srt8 is performance personified the
starters the powertrain is awesome under
the aluminium hood lurks a massive 6.4
liter Hemi v-8 generating 347 kilowatts
and 631 Newton meters of torque the
5-speed automatic transmission gets that
power down and for more spirited driving
paddle shifters let you select the gear
of your choice the limited slip diff
ensures optimum performance every launch
and stopping ability phenomenal with its
Prem bow calipers huge slotted rotors
and belly pan cooling ducts the Chrysler
300s RT eights ride and handling is also
outstanding - driver selectable
suspension modes Auto for a comfortable
ride and sport mode for when you want to
ramp up the firmness as a successful
businessman bill insists on monitoring
performance right down to its car with
the 300 srt8 performance is on display
including acceleration braking distance
and g-forces its street presence is
confidence for sana fide new sculpted
lines embolden it while the front grille
high beltline and classic rear
proportions give it classy athleticism
the side sills give it a tough planted
stance the jeweled LEDs give a European
luxury look the headline technology even
computes your speed and steering angle
to deliver the best projection for
driving conditions 20-inch aluminium
wheels and high performance rubber
ensure the srt8 is composed
under hard cornering and acceleration
inside bill loves the race-inspired
high-performance interior with its
luxurious appointments and performance
focused economics black accents
compliment the genuine carbon fiber trim
an eight point four inch touchscreen
media center puts you in easy control of
audio with it's awesome nineteen
speakers climate control and car
performance feedback but it's not all
about performance for Bill he insists on
the highest in safety standards to every
srt8 won't let him down airbags are
aplenty and in the event of a rear-end
collision the front head restraints
automatically decrease the space between
the head restraint and your head for
better protection forward collision
warning system helps the driver makes
split-second decisions and the cruise
controls radar sensor detects traffic
and obstacles and changes your speed to
suit all in all the superb performance
and safety of the 300 srt8 is undeniable
well there we are
you just can't help the impressed with
the performance engineering and safety
of the srt8 you have to experience it
for yourself so book a test drive at
Adelaide City Chrysler now
you